All right, Chevy.
Chevy,
you're very handsome.
-Stop it.
- How did you become so funny?
What was the first part?
Lorne said if I just
stared into the camera,
that'd take a lot of guts.
"There were bells on the hill,
but I never heard them ringing."
Action, Laraine.
Hi.
Did I spell your name right?
I'm Garrett Morris talking
to all you white Americans...
about the way Black people
have been treated in America.
Now, I know a lot of you
feel guilty, and you should.
You see, um,
having a catheter...
a lot of people
think it's funny.
And they like to see me dance.
Now, I look up, and I see it
coming down now, real quick...
and I see discs.
Whirlin' discs!
- Really?
- All right.
Radney?
I'm not gonna talk about... No.
Whirlin'. Whirlin' around,
whirlin' around.
I see all kinds of lights.
Then they just drop me.
In order to get that much iron,
you probably have to overeat.
Send your check or money order
to White Guilt Relief Fund.
We're ready? Should we go?
Free show!
Plenty of tickets left, guys!
No?
Hey, free show, man.
Hey, sir, free comedy show?
Plenty of seats.
Perfect for date night!
Um...
"You are invited
to a new variety spectacular...
"featuring a parade of comedy...
"and musical acts
ripped from the charts."
Jesus Christ.
"Where did they unearth
such a cavalcade of talent?"
Hey, man! You okay?
Maybe ask me again
in 90 minutes.
Why?
What happens in 90 minutes?
Uh, we go live.
Oh, wow. Far out, man. Congrats.
Miss?
- Thank you.
-Hey, wait. If it's live,
then why the hell
are you down here?
- Free show. For fuck's sake.
- I'm...
-Mr. Michaels?
- ...waiting for...
Ah!
It's 10 o'clock, Andy.
Here. Come on.
Where do I park?
"You are invited
to a new variety spectacular..."
Just pick him up at 1:00,
Mrs. Kaufman.
Do you like my suit?
- Very elegant, Andy.
- Take care of my Andy!
This is my favorite suit.
"Where did they unearth
such a cavalcade of talent?"
Bye. Bye, Mommy.
Bye, honey.
- I love you!
-Andy, come on.
Andy, please, come on.
This is beautiful.
Yeah.
You know, actually, down there
is where Diego Rivera
was hired...
to paint a fresco
for the American worker.
I cannot see this.
Well, no one can
because Diego was a commie...
and added Vladimir Lenin
in the middle of the night...
so the Rockefellers
had it plastered over.
Deliveries use the back.
- I'm producer of the show.
- Where's your badge?
- My...
- Where's his badge?
Look, my name is Lorne Michaels.
I'm the producer
of Saturday Night.
- The whole night?
-Hey! Hey! He's good.
- Yeah, I'm producing every show.
- He's good. He's good.
- I'm good, you see?
- Let him in. Let him in.
Live on a Saturday night?
Must be some show.
I'm good. Andy, please.
Hey, you're doing a great job.
Really. Great stuff.
What kind of name
is "Saturday Night"?
- Andy, come on. Please.
- Okay. We rushing.
Eighth floor, and book it.
Put on your seat belts.
So, big night.
Oh, Andy,
have you had dinner?
Huh. Yes, I had spaghetti.
Oh, that sounds delicious.
Hey, Lorne, I'm getting calls
from upstairs.
You ordered a llama?
A llama?
Yeah. We all decided it was
much funnier than a donkey.
Right. Just the guys
down at the loading dock
weren't expecting,
you know, livestock.
Well, NBC did ask for something
fresh and unexpected.
That is true. That's true.
Uh, just, you know,
they also weren't
expecting you to demand...
an overhaul in the entire
lighting and sound package.
Did anyone ask Edison
what a light bulb was
before he harnessed electricity?
Who are you in the metaphor?
The light bulb?
We can't expect people
to recognize
something they've
never seen before.
Right. Okay. Yes.
You're correct.
But just,
how about a final script?
It's not that kind of show.
Okay. Well,
what kind of show is it, Lorne?
Do you even know
what the show is?
Of course.
Are you gonna share it
with the rest of us?
Yes.
In 88 minutes.
Oh, my God.
Uh, have you tested
the quality of the sound system?
- No, I haven't.
- 'Cause the speakers...
look leftover
from Arturo Toscanini.
I mean,
that's not really my job.
Lorne,
did you order more lights?
Of course.
Is this your card?
How'd he do that?
He's a fuckin' magician,
numb nuts.
-Hey, Neil?
- Oh, hey.
You got to be right by my side,
man. Locked to my hip.
Remember, when you're here,
you're not my cousin...
you're my executive assistant.
You're important.
Really? Like in the credits
it will say that?
Well, no,
but you and I will know.
They're looking for you
in the control room.
Also, Belushi hasn't signed
his contract yet?
- Oh, and the llama has arrived.
- Oh, great. Thanks, Barbara.
Neil, memo. We need to reeducate
the NBC Pages on the show.
You should've heard
the guy outside.
What the hell is this?
Saturday Night, it's a new kind
of entertainment.
It's abstract and defiant.
Avant-garde yet blue collar...
Gilda, come on.
We need you for rehearsal.
Oh, be careful.
They're still drying.
This is
monumental work, Edie.
Mr. Gresner, would you please
tell our studio audience...
Jane, you're still attached.
...just how you became a victim
of a shark bite?
You are so fluffy.
Hey, come on, Andy.
You cut my Nazi Doctor Dolittle?
He has ways
of making the animals talk?
I'll check
with the run-of-show board.
Package was addressed
to Al Franken and Tom Davis.
I don't know
what to tell you, fellas.
How do you lose
28 gallons of blood?
85 minutes till showtime.
Come on, guys. These transitions
need to be crisp.
Pretend like there's a hooker
holding a sandwich
waiting for you stage right.
We still need
to rehearse five sketches.
Are we any closer
on lighting cues?
Hey, Schiller.
What are you up to?
I'm burning sage.
Removing demons.
Garrett don't do voodoo.
Peter packed
a peck of pickled peckers.
Andy, this is Billy Crystal
and Valri Bromfield.
- They're both in the show.
- Andy!
They're both very nice.
Please stay with them, okay?
Listen, Andy is
a certifiable comedic genius.
- He is redefining the form.
- Nice to meet you, Andy.
I mean, we are
in the presence of greatness.
Where is the bathroom?
Neil, can you show Andy
to the washroom?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- There you are. Lorne. I can't
- authorize the purchase...
- Dick. Dick.
...of an antique chandelier.
Jim has a question
about something.
- Here. Let's step over here.
-He's out of control.
- Okay. I understand.
- This isn't a budget.
It's a ransom note.
Someone asked for last
Friday's Johnny Carson?
Where the fuck you been,
Charlie?
Sorry, I've been busy.
I'll be back
in a little bit, okay?
Hope I still have a job
when he's gone next week.
Okey-dokes. So, as it stands...
we have four host monologues,
two stand-ups...
two musical guests,
each with two performances...
a solo piece for Andy Kaufman...
five parody commercials,
Weekend Update...
a film by Albert Brooks...
Jim Henson's Muppet... thing.
Not to mention seven sketches.
- Something for everybody.
- Yeah, it's a lot of show.
- It won't fit.
- We don't know that.
I know that. The dress rehearsal
was three hours.
Audrey thinks we're tight.
Audrey thinks it's time to make
some tough decisions, actually.
Lorne, just cut some things.
- No. We will, but...
-Am I still in the show?
Jesus Christ.
- Sorry. Tripped over my penis.
- Still on the show, Chev.
Oh, I know.
Hey, you remember Jackie.
- My girlfriend.
- Fiancée.
It looks expensive.
She is.
It is.
I never know
when you're kidding.
Hey, Chev, can I...
Can you show a little goodwill
to your co-star?
- Who? Belushi?
- Mmm-hmm.
God! God!
What the fuck's the matter now?
I think
it's just a new dynamic and...
there are a lot
of expectations for every...
I'll tell you what the issue is.
We're not doing
a radio hour anymore
and he's built like
an Albanian cheeseburger.
Chevy can't help if people
are responding to his face.
I mean, I could, but I won't.
Right. Well, no one's asking you
to deny your own magnetism,
Chevy.
Maybe there's other roles
for John to play.
Like a hobo. Or a troll.
Or a fire hydrant.
Or a Volkswagen.
Or a hemorrhoid.
- You're looking sharp, Patches.
-  What?
You have
to cut something.
Yeah. Yeah.
- Neil?
- Oh. Yeah!
Get me a key to this door.
In fact...
I want keys to all the doors.
In the building?
- If you can.
- Yeah.
Frame up on the shot,
okay, Cameron?
That's good.
Ready camera 2. That looks okay.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Lorne.
Can you get down or around?
Down in front.
Dave, how're we looking?
Oh. Good, good, good.
Good, good.
Still working on the 47 notes
you gave me on your last visit.
Okay. How's the morale looking
out there?
-"Morale"?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, I think I can speak
for the entire crew...
when I say this is exactly where
we want to be on Saturday night.
- Okay. Great.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Rocky! Wake up, will you?
Give me lights 25B, 25C!
Half down on 31! That's 32!
You've done this before, right?
Man,
that's a lot of lights.
Charlie, you're gonna drop
a testicle lifting that thing.
Good job, Charlie.
All right. Quiet, please!
Here we go. Rehearsal's up.
Actors on their marks.
All right. Hey, guys.
We only have two minutes
of commercials...
to make it from stage right
to stage left.
Anybody know
the load bearing on the booms?
- Hello, fellas.
- What's up, Joe?
Can I get you anything?
Refreshment?
- Mai Tai?
-I'll take a Schaefer.
Try and at least act like
you're fucking working, please.
John, thank you
for your patience.
Moments away, okay?
All right. Next card.
"Al 'Bud' Franken."
Next card. "Tom 'Bud' Davis."
Okay. So, this is a bit?
Look, I don't get
half the shit that they do.
Next card, "Rosie 'Bud'..."
Uh...
Lorne, is Rosie going
with Michaels or Shuster?
- That's a good question.
-Should I ask Rosie?
No, no, no.
I'll take care of it.
-All right.
-Stew, that's good.
That's actually looking good.
A little more over.
She's been at it for hours.
She's simply doing her job.
We have to comply
with NBC standards.
Well, I refuse to comply.
- Uh, Mr. O'Donoghue.
- Mmm-hmm?
On page 12, what is clam diving?
I believe
the act of harvesting mollusks.
Stew!
You're killing me here.
I just need the lights
for Home Invasion.
Talk to the wonder kid!
He's trying to light
- Jesus Christ Superstar!
-Those are excuses.
Four people up there,
get them lit.
I'm glad you're having fun,
but this isn't helpful.
If that piglet
disfigures my work...
I'm gonna turn her uterus
into a sock puppet.
What is "Zipper Dinner"?
How many of these
did you hide in the script?
Maybe a dozen.
It's like a scavenger hunt.
I know what blue balls are.
You don't say.
Come on, people, move
with purpose. Let's do this.
Al, is that your one?
Come on, give it.
All right. Quiet, please!
Rehearsal is up.
Assault and burglary.
Okay. Actors on your marks, please.
Cameras on their marks.
- Here we go.
- Hey.
Okay! Let's see if we can
get through one of these skits.
Sketches! Davy, please.
And action on rehearsals.
Okay. Ready, Camera One?
Take Camera One.
Look, honey. Boeing Boeing with
Jerry Lewis is on in 10 minutes.
Ready, Camera Two?
Take Camera Two.
Uh, sweetheart, I'm tired.
I think I'm just gonna...
have another glass
of diet root beer
and go to bed, okay?
-Aykroyd!
- Cue, Danny.
What's the problem?
What's going on, Dan?
It's a little lodged.
Hi, there!
Please do not be alarmed.
This is only a simulated
assault and burglary.
Repeat. This is a simulated
This could happen to you
at any time. In fact...
- it just has.
-Call the police!
No, no!
Don't call the police.
I am the police.
Well, I might be, anyway.
- Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Kromer...
-Hold!
Aykroyd, one giant step
to the right, please.
Yeah. My right?
- Yes.
-Sure.
Uh, say, man, you want me
to say anything in this?
Or am I the silent robber type?
I think we're gonna
stick to the script this time.
- What script?
-Thanks, Garrett.
Okay. Here we go.
And action on rehearsal.
Hi. Mr. and Mrs. Kromer.
My name is Kenny Vorstrather.
I'm president
of Trojan Horse Home Security.
I have broken into your home
tonight to illustrate to you...
...and your family just how...
Watch out!
Shit!
Have your girders
been checked?
Piece of shit!
You fucking piece of shit!
I'll fucking break
your fucking jaw!
Play the cameras back.
Play the cameras back. Let's go.
John, are you hurt?
Jesus Christ!
You okay?
Need a new gun.
Where's props for me, please?
Can somebody
clear the children, please?
Excuse me. Watch out, please.
Why? You got
any more fucking lights
you want to drop on us?
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe, motherfucker!
Want me to break
your fucking jaw for you?
Fucking amateur hour!
I'll bust your fucking jaw
for you, motherfucker!
Hey! Hey! How dare you
endanger my actors?
Lorne. Lorne, it's not worth it.
Really? Yeah.
You're the one asking
for 100 fucking light cues, pal!
Well, feel free to let me know
when my expectations
surpass your abilities.
There's a shit-ton of lights.
It's not worth it.
You know, I don't know, guys.
It was kind of exciting.
Like, it's probably good luck.
Wallie.
Uh. this thing's not gonna work.
I need...
Something with
a little more heft.
It's got no stopping power.
You know what I mean?
The script said pistol.
Well, the script
specifically called for...
a Smith and Wesson
K-Frame Model 19 Combat Magnum.
Do we go again?
Uh, in this deathtrap?
Well, we've worked out
the kinks.
You know, I still think
it was kind of funny.
How high will this thing go, Al?
- Gilda. Gilda.
- Say hello to the cameras, boys.
There's home base...
Kid, this ain't an armory.
No one's gonna notice
the difference.
I'll tell you who'll notice.
A few of the fine folks
at home...
who lugged M16s through
four feet of swamp juice
in Quang Nam.
Hey, boys!
Guess I picked the wrong day
to not wear underwear.
Don't look too hard.
Proud of yourself?
I'll give you and this circus
till the end of the week.
That's funny. 'Cause I give you
till the end of the day.
All right, everyone.
Let's get this thing cleaned up.
Ah, ah, ah, ah...
Grab a light, broom, dustpan.
We'll get all this glass.
Mmm-mmm.
Thank you, hermano.
All right, Neil,
not with the keys right now.
Pow, pow! Pow, pow!
Hey, come on, man.
Violence? Really?
Ha-ha! My main man, Jim!
Say, sorry for shooting
your Muppets, man.
They're not just...
They're your co-stars.
Is that you?
You all right there, Jim?
Yes.
No.
I don't think the writers
on the 17th floor speak Muppet.
They tied a belt
around Big Bird's neck...
and hung him
from my dressing room door.
Hey, I heard about Big Bird.
I'm so sorry.
Autoerotic asphyxiation.
Who knew?
You're full of baloney.
- Uh-oh. Cursing.
-Consider me...
the first rat
off this sinkin' ship!
- Oh, really?
- Don't jump to...
Oh, wow, that's mature. Well,
what can I say? Bon voyage.
Lorne, he was our lighting
director. We need lights.
I'm sure there's someone
else in the building...
- who can push a button, Dick.
- Hey, he's the only one
who knows the location
of the 200 lights you asked for.
What is this?
What's the meaning of this?
Who did this?
Hey, I thought
we were making a comedy!
Mmm...
Sounding good, guys.
Yeah. Okay.
- All right.
- Say, uh...
we actually
worked together before.
I sang backup for Belafonte.
Catch that?
♪ Drink the coconut water ♪
♪ Four to five! ♪
♪ Man, it's good
For you daughter... ♪
♪ Four to five! ♪
♪ Coco got a lotta iron ♪
The guy is singing, too.
How many people
do they have playin' tonight?
No. No, no. See, I am one of
the comedic performers, man.
- Yeah, I'm in the cast.
- Uh-huh.
You are a professional comedian?
Uh... Well, uh... No, not...
Not... Not...
- Not by trade.
- Okay.
Uh... You see,
I'm actually a playwright.
- All right.
- Perhaps you saw my work...
at the Black Arts
Repertory Theatre in Harlem.
Yeah, I must have missed that.
Yeah. I actually don't know
why they hired me, man.
Yeah, you seem a little tight.
- A little...
- Do I?
Yeah, you gotta kinda
loosen it up for the show.
Say, Alvin...
Hook Mr...
- What's your name?
- Garrett Morris.
Garrett Morris, y'all,
the comedian.
Yeah,
hook Mr. Garrett Morris up...
with a little bit of confidence.
You know what I'm saying?
- Yeah, come...
- Okay.
Go ahead and get it.
Medical grade.
Shit so light,
air at the bottom of the bottle.
You're gonna float.
Float?
- I'm gonna put this away.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is illegal.
Yeah, well, you're gonna
need it. For your comedy.
- Right. Right.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- All right.
- All right, y'all, let's get it.
-Scotty, sound check.
All right, everyone,
quiet for sound check.
Sound check!
This should be fun.
Is this full volume?
The whole enchilada.
Sounds pretty adequate to me.
Well, this isn't Wimbledon.
It needs to feel like a rock
concert for everyone at home.
Lorne has such
a deep appreciation for music.
Shouldn't we have more mics?
One band, one mic.
Dick, this needs to be fixed
for tonight.
That's what
I've been talking about.
Three, four.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Is this for John?
Yeah, I heard he's in makeup.
Do you like being yelled at
or something?
Here, I've got you.
Where are you going?
Jimmy, do not bet
on that hand, please.
Can you hold the door?
Yeah, I think so.
Ooh.
- Easy on the macaroni, Carmine.
-All right.
You don't want
to hurt your stomach.
All right, Rosie.
There he is...
the star of the show.
Come on, Rosie.
Not the fucking bees!
I'm not a dashboard ornament.
No, you're adorable,
is what you are...
and all that fur, every girl's
gonna want to squeeze you.
I am a trained professional.
Well, you better watch
where you point that stinger.
Come on. You want a little cig?
What happened to my reporter
costume? Blaine Hotel?
It's a five-second changeover
from the reporter
to ancient Greece, okay?
Lorne didn't think you'd
have time to get into your toga.
Okay.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Don't be alarmed.
You're dealing with
a fully-qualified male strumpet.
Hey, Rosie, I got
the latest version of New Dad.
Okay.
Behave.
Bee-have.
I can assure you
professional hygiene...
discretion,
animal gratification...
Listen, strumpet...
It's Fred Garvin.
Male prostitute.
How much is this gonna cost me?
Hey, need you in costumes.
I told them to make those
hot pants extra hot.
Yummy.
Lorne, we're gonna go check out
the cut on New Dad,
you want to see?
Holy shit, holy shit.
Sorry, Lorne. Jesus.
Hey, I heard John
doesn't like the bee costume.
You know anything about this?
It's not a costume problem.
He thinks he's Brando.
- He's better than Brando.
- Lorne, Lorne.
I'm working on it, Dick.
He's better than Brando.
He's more important even.
- He'll be studied.
- They will study his liver.
John is better when he's angry.
Rose, you understand
that in an hour,
I owe a television program?
I made a covenant
with the National...
- Broadcasting Company.
- A covenant, huh?
Yeah, a covenant, and I'm on
the hook for 90 minutes...
- of live television.
- Okay, Abraham.
Rose, must you turn him
into a bee?
I am not turning him into a bee.
Thanks, Tom.
He is a man in a bee costume.
- There is a difference.
- Hmm.
It's an image
you can't get out of your head.
It's postmodern,
it's Warhol, it's iconic.
Mmm-hmm.
Where do these ideas
even come from?
I just send an imaginary dog
to fetch an imaginary stick.
Yeah? Must be some dog.
He's very well trained.
Honey, I'm home.
Hey, pal.
Hey.
How are ya?
Looks like
Chevy's fiancée slipped and fell
into another segment.
Jacqueline's gonna be hosting
the show if you're not careful.
Jesus Christ.
A wonderful family.
Everything you need...
...for the future.
- Danny's good in this.
- Yeah, he is.
What if you were suddenly
out of the picture?
Can we add sound there
over the X?
-Like a buzzer?
- No, funny, like a bell.
Good call.
And if we could hold
on the photo
for another eight frames.
Um, 16 frames.
Were you...
thinking of going home
with him tonight?
With Danny? Tonight?
Yeah. I mean, I'm not suggesting
that you weren't gonna tell me.
If you need alone time,
I can, I just...
No, no, no. I just didn't know,
like, if you were...
It's opening night.
So, I figured that it wasn't
- the right time.
- I mean, neither did I.
Well, then why are you asking?
Just avoiding surprises, Rose.
- But you love surprises.
- I love surprises.
Like Anne Frank
loved her drum set.
Don't encourage her.
Can you hold on the photo
for another eight frames, please?
It's always eight frames.
Eight frames is a beat. So...
Can you believe I need to cut
an hour of the show?
NBC doesn't want a three-hour
sketch comedy review?
Jesus, Rose,
don't call it that, please.
Well, what is it, then?
Honey, I'm home.
Yes, it's New Dad.
I spent years collecting
orphaned comedians
off the street.
I know.
They sleep on our dinette
and they whiz in our sink.
By some miraculous accident...
I found a place to call home
for our little circus
of rejects,
on national television.
Rose, this is our shot.
It's a shot.
Rose...
You're actually nervous.
Oh, uh...
Barbara was asking about, um...
your credit... on the show.
I figured
you'd go with Michaels.
Is that what you want?
I mean, you know, we're married
and you're my wife.
I figured
it's the straightest line.
Lorne, we're married,
but I'm not your wife.
Yeah, I don't think
that'll fit on a crawl.
Well, what would you prefer?
Lorne, Lorne, NBC execs
are waiting
in the green room for you.
- Fuck.
- VTR needed this yesterday.
Well, it looks great.
- Tom, Al, what's this about?
-Hey, Lorne.
- A last-minute piece.
- Just in case you need it.
I don't. What's the gag?
We're gonna dress Aykroyd up
as Julia Childs.
- America's favorite chef.
- Okay.
And right as she's carvin' up
a turkey on live television...
She slices open an artery.
Blood everywhere.
Everywhere.
That's the whole pitch?
Yeah, just America's
favorite chef
painting the walls
with her insides.
Total gore fest.
It's gonna be utter carnage, boss.
Oh, no, I'm Julia Childs
and I've cut the dickens
out of my finger.
- Sounds promising.
- Wait, wait, boss.
I didn't even get
to the good part yet.
Just put down a tarp.
Yeah, he doesn't like
the Julia Childs bit.
Uh, George...
- How's Carlin?
- Warming up the pipes.
Okay, well, heard Belushi
hasn't signed his contract yet.
Eh. Formality.
Uh, yeah, well,
they're pretty formal here.
Uh, speaking of, the folks in
standards are a little uneasy...
about the parody commercial
playing right before
the regular ads.
I think they think the viewers
might be a little confused.
One might argue that's
what makes it humorous, Dick.
Yeah, but, Lorne,
at what point are we
not just making fun
of the audience?
Hardly. It's commedia dell'arte.
If anything,
it'll make the other commercials
feel all the more real...
and the sponsors
will probably thank you.
Who's in there?
Should I be concerned?
No. Just try not to use words
like "underground"
or "revolutionary."
I'm not exactly Che Guevara.
Yeah.
What the fuck? There's like
a thousand people in there.
Fifty. The affiliates,
from across the country.
Lorne, they're excited
to see the show.
I don't have time for this,
Dick.
Lorne, these are the people
that will decide
whether or not we have a hit.
They choose whether we go
on the air. We need them.
- Three minutes?
- Tops.
Gentlemen. Hello.
Lorne Michaels.
Hi. Lorne Michaels.
Nice to meet you. Pleasure.
Lorne Michaels. This is my show.
Hi, where are we flying in from,
gentlemen? Chicago and...
- New Orleans.
- New Orleans? Wow. Fantastic.
Well, we're very lucky
to have some Southerners here.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
Hi, gentlemen. Lorne Michaels.
I'm the creator of the show.
Hi. Wow. Firm handshake. Hi.
I appreciate your support,
gentlemen. Thank you. Hello. Hi.
-Tallahassee.
- Tallahassee? Wow.
- Ladies and gentlemen.
- Hi.
Who am I kidding? Gentlemen...
Can I see that?
Thank you.
Hope this isn't the only thing
getting sucked
on this weekend, boys.
Jesus, you guys look like
the cast of Godfather
if it was shot in Alabama.
I see some cowboys here.
That's a hell
of a 10-gallon hat.
You look like you're ready
for a date with a livestock.
Welcome to New York.
It's quite diverse.
If you want to meet
Black people, go to Harlem.
If you want to meet Jews,
come to our writer's room.
Sir, you look like
you're from Ohio.
My favorite thing about Ohio...
Let me introduce you
to our head writer...
our prince of darkness,
Michael O'Donoghue.
Thank you. Thank you, Chevy.
Um, I'm certain
you all know Mr. Rogers.
Perhaps the most kind
and gentle man
in all of television.
This is my impression
of Mr. Rogers...
plunging 18-inch
steel sewing needles...
into his eyes.
Okay. Okay. Thank you, Michael.
Um...
Well, now you know
why they put us on at midnight.
Um...
Uh, hello, everybody,
my name is Lorne Michaels.
I'm the producer
and creator of Saturday Night.
We have a wonderful show
for you this evening.
George Carlin,
the great Billy Preston...
a film by Albert Brooks.
Jim Henson's Muppets.
We're, uh, excited for tonight.
Uh...
Because there's never been
a television show...
made for or by the generation...
that grew up
watching television. So...
In the words
of my dear friend Che Guevara...
this is the revolution.
Yes. Yes.
Who's with us?
Heads on pikes!
Blood will run in the streets!
Gentlemen, behold...
if you listen closely,
you can hear...
Buffalo Bob shuckin' the cob
with Howdy Doody.
Lorne can get
a little passionate.
And so can Chevy.
- Blood in the streets?
- Yeah.
- Well, that sounds delightful.
- Mmm-hmm
How much are we spending
on this insurrection?
Uh, about 250 an episode.
Well, I guess
revolutions aren't cheap.
Right.
What is this?
Absolutely not.
No. No, no, no. We're not
gonna beg for their approval.
No, take it down,
we don't need this.
Well, you know...
Lorne Michaels is
a special bird, you know.
He believes in his vision.
Well, that's nice.
Mmm...
And he doesn't really bend.
We know how that story goes.
Mmm-hmm.
Des Moines.
How'd you escape?
Well, I appreciate
you saying that.
My father had good taste
and my mom was an alcoholic.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Can I borrow him for a moment?
Enjoy the show, gentlemen.
You held that room like a pro.
-  Thank you.
- I mean it.
I'm Dave Tebet, head of talent.
You know,
I handle The Tonight Show.
I didn't know that.
Between us...
Johnny Carson isn't gonna
be around forever.
Think about it.
You're a handsome,
funny gentile.
That means something.
Uh, Lorne,
you remember Dave Tebet.
Oh, of course.
I remember everyone
who gives me a job, Dick.
Smart kid.
Quite a lineup this evening.
You know, while I have you,
I do understand
that we are bending
some of the rules...
Lorne, this is NBC.
There is a way things are done.
- The Peacock way.
- Right.
Well, we are thinking
a little differently.
We just, you know...
You know, maybe an emu.
Hey, that's... Well, I just...
Dick, shut the fuck up.
Can't you see talent when it's
standing inches from your face?
-Mmm-hmm.
- What do you think he's gonna do?
Embarrass us
with some half-assed,
rat-fuck donkey show?
Frankly, that's exactly
what I signed up for.
- Michael.
- I expect you...
to be an unbending force
of seismic disturbance.
Light up that NBC switchboard
like a bomb went off.
Well, I promise
not to play the music too loud.
Oh, fuck that. This isn't
the Moose Jaw Jazz Festival.
It's Saturday fucking Night.
I want you
to be thunderous and deafening.
If my ears don't bleed,
I'll be asking for a refund.
Great. I mean,
I've always seen this
as a collision that erupts...
- from every screen in America.
- Yes. Yes.
A prism that captures the light
of an emerging generation.
Stop! Don't say another word.
Don't question another instinct.
- Ebersol?
- Yes?
We're standing in the presence
of a prophet.
Yeah, he certainly
talks like a...
A man with a vision.
And I want you
to take that vision...
like a Sherman Tank...
and plow through any fuck
that gets in your way.
Even me.
"Use emotion for the many
and reserve reason for the few."
I like that.
I'm putting it on my wall.
Was that a Hitler quote?
Atrocities aside,
the man was a wordsmith.
You missed a call
from Johnny Carson.
I picked up the phone
'cause it was ringing.
What did you tell him?
I told... I don't remember.
He hung up on me.
Lorne, Lorne.
Is that a bunk bed?
I did have
a UFO encounter experience once.
Danny ordered it for his office.
That's confidence. Can you find
me something to eat?
Neil, why would
he order a bunk bed?
Could you get that hippie shit
out of my face?
And I am actually very strong.
Thinking that
he can do the voice?
- It's Aykroyd. Of course he can.
- It's Aykroyd.
But that doesn't
necessarily mean anything.
Hello, boys.
- Hey, Mike. Are you nervous?
- Hey, Mike.
- Nervous about what?
- Performing on live TV.
I'd be shitting bricks.
Television is merely a lava lamp
with slightly better audio.
Colored beads
to fascinate the animal.
I could do it
in a narcoleptic coma.
Hello, Herb.
How's Update coming?
South Vietnam has seized
and burned
100,000 Playboy magazines.
I'm still working
on the punch line.
For miles, all anyone
could smell was roast bunny.
That's the one. Grab it, boys.
We need that couch.
- Rise and shine.
- Oh, God.
- Coming through, coming through.
- Whoo! Okay.
Oh, pages.
- Watch your back.
-Coming through.
Oh. Here we are.
You all right there, Chev?
Things are...
kooper kippy, Herb.
I think it just happened.
Think I got
the old shoulder tap.
- The what?
- You know...
from the guys upstairs.
What's gonna happen to me?
I mean, Herb...
you've been around the block.
Where am I going from here?
Well, I don't know, Chevy.
I never got a shoulder tap.
I just made a fortune...
and won a few Emmys...
and slept with Gloria Steinem.
Two out of three ain't bad.
Here we are.
Oh, wow,
you're in so many scenes.
Well... Yeah, but I'm always
everyone's kid sister.
You're the hot one.
I think Jane's the hot one.
No, I'm the mom.
The still-fuckable mom.
My instinct is that
the American people
are gonna fall in love with you.
You'll be obscenely overpaid
for pratfalls and cute jokes.
You'll waste away
most of your life...
with purchased company.
And then eventually
you'll self-medicate...
with booze and hookers
and heroin.
I imagine you'll die alone.
Falling out of a hotel room
window in Stockholm.
Jesus.
I can't wait.
Well, you're
everyone's favorite, Gilda.
I'm just a bagel
looking for lox.
I'm a parrot
with nothing to squawk.
Well, I keep feeling
like any minute,
Lorne's just gonna ship me back.
Oh. No. On this budget,
we can't afford the postage.
There's a reason
you're here.
You may not know it,
but Lorne does.
- Oh, God!
- You're dealing here with...
a fully-qualified male strumpet.
I'm not a prop, mister.
You know, I can assure you
professional hygiene...
discretion,
animal gratification.
Why don't you assure me a little
peace and quiet?
You rang?
Yeah. I need the Muppet pages.
I already turned in
that one script.
Was Henson uncomfortable
with the Muppets
on a plantation?
It was a musical number.
I don't think
that's the problem.
I just can't write for those
little hairy facecloths.
Well, I need something
for Henson.
We go live in an hour.
You cannot
say "horny" on NBC.
Did you see
what that evangelical cunt
did to our pages?
I'll be right back.
So you want us to say sexy
instead of horny?
And sexy and horny
just don't mean the same thing.
I struggle
to see the difference.
Well, if a dog is humping
your leg, it's horny.
It's certainly not sexy.
What on earth are you doing?
I'd rather butt-fuck cancer
than make these changes.
Your words don't scare me,
Mr. O'Donoghue.
I am a woman of God.
I'd heard that God's love
is blind. Now I know why.
You see this?
I do.
I know it looks like
an ordinary red marker...
but this one is special.
It has kept America safe
for the better part of a decade.
It is a weapon...
against vulgarity, sex...
communism, and hedonism.
Oh. What about violence? Does it
protect America from violence?
Yes, that too.
How about infanticide?
Excuse me?
Apologies. Just a...
$2 word for a parent
who kills their own child.
The mere thought
makes me nauseous.
Oh, understandably.
Me too, by the way.
It's just I had this idea
for a sketch,
and I'm not sure if it's funny.
You can be the judge.
It's about this...
powerful, temperamental guy
who rapes this virgin
in the middle of the night.
I know, awful.
Knocks her up
without ever saying "Hello..."
buying her flowers, whatever.
And then...
here's the funny part.
He has their bastard son...
publicly mutilated and tortured
to death on a cross.
You are a vile human.
Ah, fuck.
You've heard this before.
Mr. O'Donoghue.
Are we still being formal?
Please, just call me Satan.
No, I am Satan.
- I am Satan.
- I'm Satan.
-No. I am Satan.
-We're Satan.
You will be forgotten.
I am gonna make sure of it.
Bye.
Are you out of your mind?
Look, for better or worse,
I call it like I see it.
Well, that was worse.
Lorne, they need you
at the loading dock.
I'm sure someone can sign
for whatever.
You're back on the Muppets.
-Fuck you, I'll quit.
- Yeah, I doubt that.
It's Leo. He's been fighting
with security,
and there's blood.
Oh, my God. Dick.
Oh, shit.
Ah!
- Hey!
- Hey, Dick. Is this turkey?
-While I have...
- There wasn't a sign, so I...
- Great.
- Lorne, Lorne.
While I have you...
Uh, I know you always want to be
on the cutting edge.
Check this out.
Polaroid.
Okay.
Uh, we can have the actors
demo it live.
Write it into sketches,
do live commercials.
Funny ones.
The payout is bonkers.
Dick, the cast didn't sign up
to do live commercials.
Neither did I.
Some of the cast
might find that very unseemly.
I completely understand.
But television's driven
by advertising.
It's what makes the motor run.
It's really
not a big deal at all.
Just please don't show this
to the talent.
I don't want them thinking
they're back
on the Kraft Macaroni Hour.
You know, what, are we
going kayaking? What is this?
Lorne, we're over budget.
Dick, you don't need
to tell me that.
Someone needs to tell you that.
We don't even know
what the show is yet.
How could we possibly know
the budget?
That's true.
That's a good point.
Neil, please.
If we don't know
what the show is,
Lorne, what the fuck
are we doing here?
I know the ingredients.
Just not the amounts.
Lorne, what does that mean?
We just have to make it
to 11:30.
Hey!
Ah!
Fuck! You fascist.
- You want to lose your job?
- You want to lose your teeth?
I'm the producer
of NBC'S Saturday Night
and you just hit a man
with a Tony.
- I've hit plenty of Tony's.
- All right. Hey, that's enough.
Tell your friends,
no deliveries after 6:00 p.m.
-Shove it up your ass.
-Fuck you.
All right.
Keep going with the bricks.
You took that punch
like a champ.
I'm actually not sure
you're supposed
to be pinching
the bottom of the nostrils.
If you pinch a little higher...
Hey, guys, I'm so sorry.
Am I missing something?
Why are we using real brick?
Can't we just roll out linoleum?
- Hey! Fuck you!
- Okay. Jesus. Just relax.
Dick, our vision for home base
is a street corner...
with all the grit and texture
of New York City.
Yeah, okay. I mean, are we gonna
use real blood and vomit, too?
I'll give you
some real fucking blood.
Hey, hey, whoa,
no more fighting.
No more fighting.
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know. It's okay.
Why are we stopping?
- Hello, everybody.
-Andy.
What are you... You can't keep
wandering off like that.
I had to go to the bathroom.
That's very good.
Lorne...
Barbara,
what time do you have?
Uh, 10:39.
- Lorne.
-Hmm?
The brick.
It's...
It's got its pockets out.
It's workmanlike.
It's honest.
Dick, it's critical
for the success of the show.
Okay, but what is the show?
I mean, honestly, Dick,
if you don't know by now...
Chevy Chase.
Gilda Radner.
Dan Ayk-a...
How the fuck
do you pronounce this?
Aykroyd.
Dan Aykroyd.
50 minutes, everybody!
Laraine Newman.
You nervous?
Uh, no. No, not really.
I mean,
I've only got a couple bits.
The jury thing and a TV host.
Uh-huh...
Say, you ever wonder exactly
what it is you are doing here?
Yeah, and I think
I've got a pretty good idea.
And what is that?
Well, Garrett, I'll tell ya,
I like to give 100%
in everything I do.
And I like a dish soap
that does that too.
So alive, so young,
so alluring...
so exotic, so hypnotic...
so manipulative...
so sadistically abusive...
so cartoonishly abhorrent...
You see, when it comes
to my skin
and my sensitive parts...
I only trust
100% American-made steel wool.
Strong enough for a man...
but whimsical and helpless
enough for a woman.
And don't wait. Act now.
Act like your very life
depends on it.
Act like your children's lives
depend on it.
Act like the children
in Africa's lives depend on it.
Man, what the fuck
- was all of that?
- That was my 20s, Garrett.
And that is exactly
what I'm doing here.
Well, shit...
I'm just here
to play the butler...
the shoeshine guy, and the pimp.
Think you seem
a little nice for a pimp.
You're a little pretty
for a comedienne.
Well, cheers to staying out
of the spotlight.
Hmm.
Ladies and gentlemen,
your host, George Carlin!
You can't just let me come out
from behind a goddamn curtain?
I have to descend
like Norma fuckin' Desmond.
All right. Fuck you, everyone.
Fuck you, fuck you.
I've definitely fucked you.
-Fuck you.
- Yeah.
- Fuck all of you.
You have to distract her.
How?
With your sparkling wit.
Excuse me, miss.
Could you confirm that this is
a normal deck of cards?
No marks, no folds,
no blemishes?
-George!
- Yeah. All right.
Welcome to the show.
I have some musics and laughs.
I plug the record,
blah-blah-blah.
Regular old deck, 52 cards.
I am going to make...
-George, keep going, please.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You ever look at the crowds
in old movies
and wonder if they're dead yet?
Slow, slow, slow!
Are you fucking kidding me
with this shit?
And throw to Janis.
What?
Yeah, throw it to Janis.
Introduce her, please.
- Keep going.
- Ladies and gentlemen...
Janis Ian.
♪ I learned the truth at 17 ♪
♪ That love was meant
For beauty queens ♪
♪ And high school girls
With clear-skinned smiles ♪
♪ Who married young
And then retired ♪
- Mr. Carlin?
- Yeah?
I am Joan Carbunkle,
NBC standards.
- Oh, I didn't know they had any.
- Joan, he's very busy.
Just please share your concerns
with me, all right?
No, no, no. I'd like to hear
her concerns personally,
if you don't mind.
I know you have
a propensity for the obscene...
and a lurid interest
in colorful language.
- Thank you very much.
- Mr. Carlin...
you'll be happy to know
that there is...
one delay button...
and my finger is on it.
I'm surprised
you even found the button...
let alone touched it.
Is this your eight of diamonds?
♪ Who called to say
come dance with me ♪
Are you gonna help?
I really wish we could,
but, uh, we don't do bricks.
What guild is it
that does the bricks?
Is that 422?
No, that's carpenters.
How about 303?
Nah, that's the pipefitters.
I don't know
why you're laying brick.
You're gonna be gone
in two weeks.
♪ A brown-eyed girl
in hand-me-downs ♪
So, it's gonna be like one of
those 1950s safari flicks.
You know, the ones with
Rhonda Fleming, Susan Hayward.
That's a prop.
So, I want you to take
this bowl of potato chips here.
- Me?
- Yes, you.
I want you to reach into them.
Every time I take a step,
give 'em a little crunch,
all right?
It's like we're in the safari.
Ready?
Give it a try.
Early.
I just got this job.
Now we're getting it.
You piece of shit.
That was nice. Not bad.
Caw! Caw!
Don't shoot me.
I know that noise.
That's a monkey
being run over by the C-train.
My archnemesis.
Here he comes.
There's no way
they're gonna fit all that show.
You think?
Yeah, something's got to go.
Hey, Lorne, can we talk minutes?
You're doing great,
Billy.
-That was weird.
- Yep. We're fucked.
Excuse me, "ociffer,"
have I done somethin' wrong?
What do we have here?
Why, that would be my ass.
Mmm-hmm. Billy Preston's band
hooked it up.
Medical grade, baby.
Floats in the bottle
and then you...
Checks out.
Medical grade.
Uh...
So, tell me how you fit
into this ensemble.
Is this an ensemble?
Uh, no, we have many talented,
talented improvisers...
from Chicago and Toronto and...
And Boston.
Yes, Jane Curtin is from Boston.
You've met my fiancée?
Missed a little there.
But to answer your question...
While I've got you captive.
They want to shave me.
Careful. There's no jaw
under that beard,
just 10 pounds of neck.
Chevy.
Jesus Christ, you psycho,
you son of a bitch!
Shove it up
your fucking ass!
Hey, hey, hey, stop right now!
Guys! Goddamn it!
Stop! Stop! Chevy, out!
- Don't feed coke to the animals!
-Out! Chev!
Take a seat.
Yeah.
You okay, John?
So, we're throwing things now?
He started it.
It's just a shave, John.
So, NBC owns my fucking face?
- No.
- Yeah, a little bit.
But would Jimi Hendrix play
in mittens?
That's a good point.
John, you're going to go down
as one of the giants
of character expressionism...
from Chaplin to Brando.
Belushi...
Why hide your gift?
Beards are for pussies.
And the bees are bullshit.
You think I don't know that?
Of course, they are.
They're stupid,
they're postmodern...
they're Warhol, they're iconic,
they're Sergeant Pepper.
-So well said.
-I'm glad you get it.
John...
we go live in less than an hour.
45 minutes.
I need you
to sign your contract.
Oh, yeah.
What?
What's happening?
What happened to the music?
Hey! Why did you stop playing?
The speakers went out.
- All of them?
- All of them.
What the hell is happening?
What... Dick?
I'm on with the outfit
that supplied speakers at...
- Yeah, Rockefeller Plaza.
- Toscanini!
Height of audio fidelity!
What can we be doing?
Yeah,
what can we be doing?
We got no sound.
Idiot on the light board,
and we go live in 45.
What do you want to rehearse?
Uh...
We could pull up...
Weekend Update?
Do you want
to do Weekend Update? Yeah.
All right, everyone,
we're moving to Weekend Update.
- Okay, great, great.
- Don, stand by for your intro.
Here we go. Move it, people.
Let's go. Let's go.
I'm good. Fine.
From Saturday Night News
headquarters.
This is Weekend Update...
with Lorne Michaels.
Our top story tonight...
some world news.
Japanese Emperor Hirohito
met Mickey Mouse
at Disneyland this week.
The emperor presented Mickey
with a Hirohito wristwatch.
How was that?
It was horrible.
Right. Um...
And now with a weather report...
we turn it over
to meteorologist John Belushi.
What's it looking like
out there, John?
Thank you, Lorne.
It's often said,
"March comes in like a lion
and goes out like a lamb."
But did you know March behaves
differently in other countries?
In Norway, for example,
March comes in like a polar bear
and goes out like a walrus.
Or consider
the Republic of South Africa...
where March comes in like a lion
and goes out
like a different lion.
Like one has a mane
and the other
doesn't have a mane.
And there's a country where
March hops in like a kangaroo...
and stays a kangaroo
for a while.
Australia.
Then for a couple of days,
it's sort of a cross between...
a frilled lizard
and a common house cat.
Then it changes back
into a smaller kangaroo...
and then it goes out
like a wild dingo!
No, no,
and it's not Australia!
You'd think it'd be Australia,
but it's not!
Oh!
And there are
nine different countries...
where March comes in like a frog
and goes out
like a golden retriever.
But that's not the weird part.
No, no, no.
The weird part is the frog.
The frog.
The weird part is the...
Okay.
John.
Are you all right? Are you okay?
I give in.
That was brilliant.
Now I need you
to sign your contract.
- Was that a yes?
- That was a yes.
- Was that a yes? Okay.
- Neil, can I get the contract?
-Yeah.
- Okay. Do you have a pen?
-Uh...
Lorne, Lorne, Lorne,
there's a call from Burbank
waiting in your office.
Burbank?
Carson.
Uh, okay.
Um, Someone get him a pen.
Don't let him use it as a straw.
Uh, rehearse something.
Anything.
All right,
Bee Hospital stage left.
Let's go. We're moving.
Here we go.
- Great work, guys.
-Excuse me.
Hey, Mr. Michaels.
- Oh, Mr. Henson.
- Hey.
I'm excited to see what you
and your merry band of creatures
have in store for us tonight.
Well, Lorne, we don't have
any script pages yet...
so, the Muppets
are flyin' blind here.
Well, this is the first
I'm hearing of it.
Neil, Jim needs his pages.
Thank you. Thank you.
And please, sorry, Lorne...
can you please
remind your crew...
not to leave the Muppets
in compromising positions?
That doesn't sound like them.
Well, they left a note.
They didn't.
They did.
It said...
"Fuck-Rags for rent."
- Mmm...
- Okay?
I know what that means, so...
I'll talk to Michael.
Immediately.
Thank you.
All right. Thank you.
Oh. Hey, Bernie.
Oh, no, you're good.
Hello, this is Lorne.
I was beginning to think
you didn't like me.
Of course not, Mr. Carson.
You're the voice
of a generation.
I just wanted
to reach out and say,
"Good luck tonight."
Oh, that's very kind.
And also, I suppose
I wanted to make sure...
we don't end up
stepping on each other's dicks.
Right.
You know how
this all started, don't you?
Just sign it, John.
With a kite and a key, I'm sure.
Don't be a dipshit
for a second, kid.
I'm sure you've heard by now
that Mommy and Daddy
are fighting...
and that's why you got
the house to yourself tonight.
Frankly, it's the only reason
they ever greenlight
your little talent show.
Look, these things
always go the same way.
First, they try to fuck you,
and then they buy you dinner.
I'm not opposed
to Saturday Night...
even if it is
a dumping ground...
No. No.
...for the deadbeats
and bagheads.
Dick, no.
In the meantime, you get to...
play dress-up
on national television.
Don't let him
hold the camera.
Good for you.
So, here's some friendly advice.
Enjoy your little show...
but don't get too comfortable.
You're a benchwarmer,
a stalking horse.
It's my fucking network.
It's my fucking night.
No hard feelings, though.
Fuck the bees
and fuck this show!
John.
Hey, where are you going?
I go where I'm kicked!
Heard you are
a halfway decent writer.
Send me some samples sometime.
We're always looking
for a bunch of 'em.
How'd the call go?
Tremendous.
Thank you for asking.
- Great.
- Belushi walked.
- What? He quit?
- No, well, technically...
he would need a fucking job
to quit! But, yes, he walked.
We need to find him.
I'll take the eighth floor.
- You take the ninth, okay?
- Uh. Oh...
Okay.
Uh, hey,
have you seen John Belushi?
No.
There's a reason
they call it master control.
Sorry, Jim,
have you seen John Belushi?
You want to hand the airwaves
over to that maniac?
- Have you seen Belushi?
- I'm not an animal wrangler.
Belushi? Belushi?
- Belushi?
-Belushi?
Hey, have you guys
seen John Belushi? John?
Hey, guys, sorry to bother you.
Have you seen
John Belushi anywhere?
Oh. Yeah, sure. He was
hangin' out with us yesterday.
Right, Howard?
No, sorry. I meant
in the last few minutes.
- Did he...
- Oh, no.
Well, you seem stressed.
You okay, buddy?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
- You need a hit?
Uh, oh! No, no, no, that's fine.
That's okay.
Oh.
I think it'd help.
That makes sense.
There we go.
Oh, look at him.
Attaboy.
Good luck on your quest, amigo.
Have you seen John Belushi?
Have you guys seen John?
Neil, who do you think I am?
Human bumblebee.
No, man. I am talking about...
what is my identity on the show?
Don't ask me that right now.
I can't answer that right now.
Oh.
- Oh.
- What the hell are you doing?
Thank you.
Has anybody seen John?
- I'm John.
-I'm John.
- No. No.
-  I'm John.
- I'm John.
Hold this, please.
One of them is mine.
Hey, have you guys
seen John Belushi?
Hey, you're... Kid, why are you
holding your face like that?
- Why are you shouting?
- Sweetie, are you okay?
I don't know.
I can hear my own blood.
Am I gonna be okay?
Don't ask her.
She's a nymph, not a nurse, kid.
I know that!
- Look, should I be worried?
- About Neil?
No. Fuck Neil. About my act.
I can't get a straight answer
out of Lorne.
Billy, you're family.
- Neil...
This week
on The Rumpus Hour.
Tony Orlando and Dawn,
Shields and Yarnell,
the Domingo Brothers...
and your favorite juggling
barbershop quartet,
Macho Quatro.
Lorne. You know Milton Berle?
Absolutely. Big fan.
I grew up on your work.
Who didn't?
Hear it's your big night.
Planning on it.
How's it all coming?
Just perfect.
- You never hear that.
- You certainly don't.
Yep. Being here must bring back
all kinds of memories, I'm sure.
Sure, sure. Yeah.
Used to call this
the RCA Radio Tower.
Radio, that wonderful invention
by which I could reach
a million people.
Who fortunately
couldn't reach me.
You know, Milt's TV show
once pulled a 97 share.
97% of the American audience
was watching Uncle Miltie.
Do you ever miss
being Mr. Television?
What is he talking about?
Lorne...
Milton remains
one of the Peacock's
most colorful feathers.
- It's quite a feather.
- Of course, of course.
And I'm looking forward
to hosting your show.
Well, we'd be honored.
I think there's still so many
decisions we'd have to make.
I'm hearing episode five.
The boys upstairs love it
and the affiliates ate it up.
Well,
they're the real boss.
Right.
Well, it is a late show.
Are you suited for midnight?
At 67,
I still feel like a 20-year-old.
Unfortunately,
there's never one around.
Your reputation
precedes you.
Yeah, by about 11 inches.
Excuse me a second.
Any sign of Belushi?
John?
I believe he's in wardrobe. Why?
Legal is frantic
for his paperwork.
That's strange.
I'll look into it.
Lorne, I can only imagine...
what must be running
through your mind.
The thought,
no matter how improbable...
that you might
not make it to air.
- Hadn't even occurred to me.
- Really?
I heard that you were having
some technical difficulties.
None that I know of.
What the fuck?
I just heard that...
your writers were stoned...
your actors were physically
assaulting each other.
The sound system was down.
What the hell
is happening? What...
And a fire broke out earlier.
I've been doing this job
a long time. I've seen it all.
I'm sure you have it
all under control.
Minor issues, already addressed.
That's reassuring.
This whole conversation
is a soothing shower of relief.
Hey, good, good. Look.
If for some reason
you can't lock your script...
or commit your cast
to legally binding contracts...
rest assured...
the country will be
happy to watch Johnny Carson.
Well, we could always play
the tape of dress rehearsal.
Worst-case scenario.
That's not the worst case.
Fuck me.
That's a lot of cards.
Yeah. What's the fastest you can
do your set? Top to bottom.
- Five minutes.
- Yeah, me too.
- Could you do it in four?
- Probably.
Yeah, me too.
So, look,
they're gonna offer us three...
but we got to draw the line
at four. All right?
Okay. I want to do the show.
Yeah, we're doing the show.
We just can't get jerked around.
- That's all.
- But we're doing the show?
Of course, we're doing the show.
We just got to be
- in this together.
- Okay.
Neil, sweetie.
- Is everything okay in there?
-Hello?
Special delivery for Neil Levy.
Flowers.
- Candygram.
-What's with the convention?
Neil, it's your mother.
Open the door!
Don't say that. He's gonna
believe you if you say that.
Hey, Neil. Buddy.
You freaking out in there?
I took a hit
in the departure lounge.
All right. Whose grass was it?
One of the horn players.
Oh, degenerates.
That's a potent dragon
you're riding there, kid.
What you smoked
was a sacred strain from...
the Isaan plateau in Thailand,
I believe.
The best plateau.
Make no mistake about it,
that stick's probably stronger
than a bull elephant.
But, listen, we're all a little
freaked out so...
-I'm freaked out.
- Why don't you come out...
and we can check on your face...
make sure it's not
inside out, okay?
-Come on, Neil.
- Show us your face, Neil!
Come on, there's nothing
to be afraid of.
- Come on.
- Come on out, Neil.
Oh, God!
No. I'm just kidding. Look.
You're gonna be fine.
We'll fix you up
with some amphetamines.
You'll be fit as a flea.
You might even like the stuff.
Cocaine.
Robert Louis Stevenson
actually did
some of his best writing
on the nose candy.
- Oh, Bobby.
- Not a lot of people know that.
Yeah, he was a big freak...
- for the Peruvian Lady.
-Hey!
We need everyone in togas!
Everyone down
to the eighth floor now!
I'm not in a toga!
Okay, okay.
But why are we yelling?
Rocky, there's no way these
kids are gonna hit their marks.
So you better be wide enough
to catch 'em all. We got that?
Hey, did Rosie tell you
what she wants for her credit?
Oh. Uh...
She was of two minds...
What is this? Why are you
cueing up Carson? Who is that?
I think that's Tony Curtis.
That's pretty normal right
before a live show, right, Dave?
Yeah. If anything goes wrong,
we bump to tape.
- See?
- Right.
Lorne! Lorne.
We found a lighting director.
Great. Go get him.
No, he's lighting
a show right now.
This will take some massaging.
We don't have...
What floor?
It's down on the sixth floor.
Some variety show.
- And he knows I'm coming?
- Uh...
- Say, Lorne. This a bad time?
-Perfect time, Garrett.
Okay, I've been thinkin'.
Why did you hire me?
You were cheap.
Really?
I'm being ironical, Garrett.
The fuck?
Hey, Garrett.
What's wrong?
Nothin'. I'm just...
Just trying to figure out
exactly what it is
I am doing here.
Aw, what do you mean?
You know...
I just can't help but feeling
a little bit like an outsider.
Because you're so much older?
What?
I went to Juilliard.
I've been on Broadway.
I'm a published playwright.
Man, they got me buzzin' around
here in a goddamn bee suit...
and wavin' a gun around
like I'm some kind of hoodlum.
These are not my strengths, man.
I am being under-utilized...
which makes me ponder...
what am I doing here?
You know how many operas
I've done?
- I have no idea, Garrett.
- Shit...
while Danny and Laraine
were eatin' Froot Loops...
I was performing
La Traviata in Italian.
Ya dig?
Of course, I dig, Garrett.
But, uh...
no one is saying
you can't sing on the show.
Right?
Where's the Rumpus room?
♪ Down on the right ♪
Oh. Whoa. Pardon me.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
-And three, two...
And we...
Seven, eight, and blocking!
Five, six... Uh-oh!
Smile!
Hey! You little fucker.
Get your head out of your ass.
Prep the cupcake lights
and bring up the glitter, Carl.
Carl?
I have a job offer.
Comes with no guarantees,
no perks, and no weekends.
How's the pay?
That's the worst part.
What the fuck?
- When do you start?
-Right now.
Send me a postcard from
the gutter, you little shit.
Rosie, you seen Jackie?
No. Sorry.
Knock, knock.
- Hi.
- Hi, stud. Can I see?
Can you get Chevy
to do this one?
No way. You look so sexy.
Hey. These can't be
the right size.
Yeah, you're right. They should
be a little bit smaller.
This feels like
it's a lot of leg.
You kidding, hot stuff?
You're gonna melt
every TV in America.
-Oh, yeah?
- Uh, yeah.
You know, ma'am, you are dealing
with a fully-qualified
male strumpet here.
Oh. Male?
I've actually got
a work order...
stating I should be
rogering you roundly right now!
Hey,
have you guys seen John?
No, I haven't seen him. Danny?
- Have you seen John?
- Yeah? John.
Well, John's an anarchist
and an Illinois alpha male.
What does that mean?
Oh. Uh, well,
see, boss, you and I,
if we were
to enter this space...
we'd be like
15th century peasants
walking into the Vatican...
but Belushi's
a whole other animal.
He's a skeptic and a sinner.
I'd give O'Houlihans a recce.
- He's at the bar next door.
-Ah.
Um, Barbara's still asking
about your credit on the show.
Whatever you think.
It's your name, Rose.
Has he only gotten that far?
We'd like to help,
but we're rootin' for the guy.
Well, at least
your heart's in it.
Hey, you seen Jacqueline,
my fiancée?
No, I haven't seen shit!
Ladies, have you seen Jackie?
-No. Sorry.
-All right, change of plans.
We're skippin' Ancient Greece
and we're movin'
into the break room.
Ladies, I need you
in your hard hats.
Okay? Right now. Come on.
I don't want to change.
Are we good? Is he all right?
Yeah. Yeah. Danny, I mean...
whatever's going on
between you and me
is the last thing
on his mind right now.
So the man doesn't wrestle
with the green-eyed monster?
Hardly. I mean, look,
I've known Lorne
since I had toilet paper tits.
One day, he just followed me
home from school
- and I never shook him.
- Pretty sure
- you can be arrested for that.
-Look out, Rosie!
Sorry, Moose.
Anyways, I don't know,
Lorne lost his dad
when he was 14...
and his mom sold everything...
and so he spent a whole year
without furniture.
So when I first met him,
I thought...
he's just a stray looking for
a spare piece of carpet...
like, he wants to be
a part of my family...
and I'm the kid sister
or something.
But then, hormones.
Turns out,
I'm not the kid sister...
and so we start dating
and I think...
"Okay, he wants to build
a family with me."
And we get married,
we buy a house.
I mean, no ring.
I think those are pretty stupid.
But linens and china.
And then it turns out...
I'm not the kid sister
or the wife.
So who are ya?
I'm the writer.
All right,
rehearsal's moments away.
And who's he?
We take you now
to Ancient Greece.
Not yet, Don.
It's the wrong sketch, buddy.
Can I get you
behind the lockers?
Yeah.
And try sitting like men.
- Oh, yeah.
-Perfect.
Okay. Hair and makeup, clear.
Clearing.
Please get the fuck out.
Thank you.
Okay, and action!
Now that you've mastered
all the technical know-how...
I think it's time
we work on your sidewalk skills.
All right.
Daniel over here
has kindly offered...
to aid us
in a live demonstration.
Come on out, Danny.
Danny, enter.
No, you got
to take off the robe.
I can lose it on the day.
I figured I'd rehearse with...
No. You can lose
the robe right now.
The shorts are too short.
Now, when
a little piece-a heaven
- like Danny walks by...
- Now strut.
- Here's how you make him feel...
- Right.
...right at home.
Voom, va-va voom! Va-va voom!
Show him how to do it, Gilda!
- Yeah!
-Come on, Jane.
- Give it to him.
- All right.
Hey, dreamboat.
What's the matter? Why don't
you give me a little twirl?
Show me
what you're workin' with.
Okay,
give it to him, Laraine.
Hey, stud muffins, want to
make bouncy bouncy?
Are we still doing the scene?
Or...
What are ya talkin' to her for?
You're talkin' to me,
joy chunks.
Stay in character, please.
- Hey.
-Come on, baby.
Ya dropped somethin'.
Whoa!
Well, I guess
I should just pick this up.
All right, all right. All right.
They are so cute
- when they're mad!
- All right, thank you.
Okay, cut.
The shorts are too short.
I told ya.
Here you go.
It was a great scene.
- Yeah, strumpet.
- Thanks.
All right,
and we're movin' on.
Great rehearsal. Here we go.
We take you now
to Ancient Greece...
as Alexander the Great...
attends his ten-year
high school reunion.
Hey, boys, have you seen Jackie?
Gentlemen, you seen Jackie?
Look at that.
My goodness.
Hey, hon.
They need us in Athens.
Jesus, who's this guy?
Chevy, Milton taped
a show here...
- back in 1956, isn't that neat?
- Ooh!
She's taken.
What hours? I'll take
the rest of the evening.
- Excuse me?
-He's kidding.
Yeah, buddy, I'm kidding.
Oh, that's cute.
I remember
when you used to do comedy.
Funny, 'cause I never
heard of you.
That's probably the Alzheimer's.
What's the matter,
did you wander off
onto an actual TV set?
Hey, darling, you're sitting
in front of the Ghost
of Television Past.
This old man...
he used to be an institution.
Now he needs one.
If you want my comeback,
you're gonna have to scrape it
off the back
of your mom's teeth.
Jesus.
You're gonna laugh at that?
Listen, sweetheart.
There's plenty more
where that came from.
God.
Oh.
Do I have your attention?
I have two stars
on the Walk of Fame.
- Oh.
- Oh, yeah. Who gives a shit?
Hmm.
I once held 97%...
of America's television
viewing audience.
That's not
what they're gonna remember.
They're gonna remember
Mr. Television.
Their Uncle Miltie.
Who the fuck are you, kid?
You're not a star.
You're barely
in the fucking building.
You're not even a swingin' dick.
Call me after he's done crying.
Are you shitting me?
Are you shitting me
with this costume?
Can you make a path?
There's an actual comedian
coming through.
Wow. Look at these columns.
I feel transported. Oh!
Hey, George. How can I help?
So, what is this?
Why am I dressed like a fuckin'
towel boy from Caesar's?
Well, I believe you're
Alexander the Great at his...
Ten-year high school reunion.
- Thank you, Don.
- Exactly.
So, when Chevy asks
what you've been up to...
your response is, "You know...
"mostly conquering
the known universe."
Right.
And this is for television.
- Right.
- What's your concern, George?
My real concern is
why I let my agent
convince me to do your show.
Do you need some help
with the script?
I'd just love to know
where the humor is.
It's like a Spruce Goose.
It's a lot of wood, no lift off.
Well, we can rewrite.
I mean, we have...
Is that right?
- Jesus Christ.
- Great.
- We could find...
- No, no, no. George, I hear you.
-We want to make it work.
- I think I understand
the reason
you might be struggling.
You see, these are scenes.
Well, sketches.
- They revolve around acting.
- Michael...
And that must feel foreign
when you're
a ponytailed vulture...
feeding off the corpse
of Lenny Bruce.
It's okay. He's right.
You're right.
Because I wouldn't want
to make these skits
any worse
than they actually are.
It's a great thing
no one will be watching.
Enjoy your fucking
little circle jerk.
- We already are.
-Oh, your mom's here?
Well, he's in character.
It's shit.
Lorne, Lorne.
Lorne.
Lorne, great news.
We figured it out. Ready?
Ta-da.
- We cut the toga sketch.
- Oh.
Even without Alexander,
we're still 30 over.
Maybe we don't need
four musical performances?
Or maybe we could trim
one of the Carlin monologues.
Okay.
What about now?
Are we under now?
We can make it work.
Hey, hey, Lorne, Lorne.
Look, I know it's probably
a bad time and all, but, um...
but Valri and I
have been talking...
Yeah.
...and we can't accept anything
less than four minutes a piece.
So, that's four minutes for me,
four minutes for Valri.
Look, we've just been...
working too hard on our material
to accept
anything less so it's...
four minutes or nothin'.
Well, I need two minutes.
You need me
to cut two minutes of my sketch?
I could do that, Lorne.
I mean, that's six minutes only,
you know. I can make that...
No, I need two minutes
of material.
It's two minutes or nothing.
Is this for real? 'Cause...
Okay, I killed at dress, right?
I'm the only good act
that killed at dress.
I can do the show, so...
Billy, can you make it work
in two minutes?
- I can't even set it up in two.
- Then I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Can you make it in two?
- Yes.
- Great.
Lorne, Lorne.
Uh...
I was thinking...
why don't we punt?
Come back stronger next week,
debut with Paul Simon.
That's what
you've been thinking?
Listen, no one wants this show
to succeed more than I do.
Is that so?
I mean, yeah,
I hired you, Lorne.
I take it up the ass
from this network every day...
because I believe in this show.
And I'm telling you, we should
run the dress rehearsal...
and claw back a win
next Saturday.
It's in everyone's
best interest.
Mainly yours.
Sorry. Was that a threat?
No. What? No.
Lorne, all I'm trying to do
is give you advice.
25 minutes!
Thanks for the advice,
but we can't, Dick.
It's a live show.
No one's gonna know
the difference.
- We just can't.
- Lorne, you need to start
adjusting your concept of what
you can and cannot do.
We can't
because there is no tape.
I didn't record
the dress rehearsal.
So, we don't have
to argue about it.
You didn't what?
We just have to make it to air.
Lorne, I'm not gonna be able
to protect you.
- I'm used to that.
- Oh, screw you.
Do you know how much bullshit
never makes it to your ears?
Because I'm the wall they hit.
Tell that to your Polaroid rep.
She's cute.
I'm sorry you need
a sponsor for a show
that can't pull
a single advertiser.
You know they're giving out
the ads for free?
NBC is lucky to have something
as relevant as this show.
Lorne, they don't even want it.
That's logical, Dick. That's why
they're paying us all
to be here.
They want you to fail.
They're betting on it.
Really?
NBC makes more money
playing reruns
of The Tonight Show.
- So, why don't they?
- It's a contract dispute, Lorne.
I mean, they're trying
to prove to Johnny Carson
that the reruns are inevitable.
So, they built a show
that was guaranteed to fail.
I mean, Lorne,
90 minutes of live television
by a group of 20-year-olds...
who've never made anything.
Do you ever stop and wonder
why they said yes?
A counterculture show
starring total unknowns...
with zero narrative
and even less structure?
Are you that fucking arrogant...
that you never
even questioned this?
Now, look, you want to know
what's gonna happen
at 11:30 tonight? Okay.
Your actors
will be on their marks.
Band's tuned up,
all ready to go.
Joe will be hollering out
the countdown...
and you'll be
in the control room...
and Dave Tebet will be standing
probably right next to you.
And when
those screens go black...
he will raise his big-ass,
jeweled-up index finger
and say...
"Go to Carson."
And that will be that.
You blew it.
And listen,
I know you all make fun of me...
and my clothes behind my back.
But, Lorne, I'm killing myself
for this show.
Also, Polaroid is cool.
- Oh, shit! Lorne.
- It worked!
Nice work, fellas.
A little heavy on the flow,
but very funny.
Sorry about the clothes.
And your face.
Art is but a measure
of sacrifice and tears.
Not quite ready for tonight,
but I'll keep it
on a special list.
"Special list"?
Lobby.
This an okay time?
Ideal.
Look...
I know what people say...
when they see a man
with his arm up a Muppet.
But...
this isn't just kid's stuff.
I believe, deep in my heart...
that there is room
for high-stakes puppetry...
on grown-up TV.
And... I get the sense that...
some of the writers
on the 17th floor
don't share that dream.
You didn't like the pages?
There were no pages.
That's fair criticism.
Free show!
Free show, sir?
Free show.
Plenty of tickets left, guys.
The night's still young.
Hey, man! How's it going?
Thank you. Long Island.
Massapequa Park.
Hello?
My family had trouble
fittin' in
when they got to America.
Even though my great-grandfather
actually fought
in the Civil War...
he fought for the West.
-  Jesus Christ.
-Okay.
This drunk,
he's in front of the bench.
The judge says, "Hey, we brought
you in for drinking."
And the drunk goes,
"Great. What are we havin'?"
That's not the punch line.
Jesus, fucking bullshit!
What's happening here?
I get paid seven bucks a joke,
if it gets a laugh. Which...
This putz is taking
bulletproof material
and filling it with lead.
You wrote his jokes?
Yeah. I wrote things
that vaguely resemble
the things that he's saying.
Why don't you just
perform them yourself?
Look at me. This is how much
I sweat off-stage.
I get home from work
the other night...
I see my wife in bed
with my best friend.
I say to him, I go,
"I have to, but you?"
- Oh, my God.
- How many do you have in here?
About 1,100.
They're single-spaced.
Sorry, do you mind
if I go through them?
- Bring up the next comedian!
- Yeah. Go for it.
I'm sure
you'll hate him, too.
Move.
God. That was fuckin' rough.
Shit crowd.
Yeah, that was it.
Hey, come on.
What's with the quarters?
Well, I changed the punch line
from 46 to 49...
for the line about the Buick.
Much bigger laugh, by the way.
So, that means
I only owe you $3.50.
You want a job?
That would be great.
I want a length of rope
and a sturdy beam.
How much do you need to live?
I make three bucks an hour
at my day job. Match it.
Tell him what you really do.
Tell him.
He's a deli boy.
Okay? He's a schmuck
in a little paper hat...
who slices the pastrami
behind the counter.
And he can
barely do that.
Tell him what you did
to your finger.
You're hired. Lorne Michaels.
- Alan. Zweibel.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
You'd be better off
buying the pastrami.
Let's go.
Wait, what? When do we start?
Um... Jesus Christ.
You can't...
You better not leave.
This is not
gonna be good for you.
I was gonna take you to Reno.
Look at that form.
Beautiful.
You ever have nostalgia
for a moment
while you're still in it?
I mean, like...
You're in the moment,
but you're also...
looking back on it. Like...
Right now, I'm here,
but I'm also...
thinking about this moment
20 years from now.
We're walking by this ice rink.
Maybe it's Christmas...
and our kids are draggin' us
by our pinkies...
and we got presents loaded
on our shoulders...
and all we can think about
is this moment,
right before we went on TV.
You know,
the NBC liability act
forbids you from ice skating.
I found John.
Oh,
excellent work, Gilda.
Good thing
I didn't sign my contract.
What's the deal, John?
You on the show or not?
The one where I get to dress up
like a giant, grotesque bee?
I don't know.
Let me ask my childhood dreams.
I want to try a triple axel.
Now we're talkin'.
How about a single axel?
Nah.
I figure I can either pull off
the triple...
or die trying.
Those are the options?
Okay, John. I... I...
I support it.
Oh, God.
- He's gonna break something.
- Oh, God.
- Oh, fuck!
- Shit. John!
John?
-John!
-Fuck!
Are you okay?
You all right? I yield.
I accept your surrender.
Do you want me to help you up?
No.
I'm just gonna lie here
for a minute.
Okay, sure. Yeah.
We have all the time
in the world.
Who is that asshole, anyway?
It's Prometheus.
He stole fire
from the cauldron of the gods...
gave it to man, so we could
have science and the arts.
All right.
I'm gonna head back up.
We have a show to put on...
and I'd like to be there
when I get fired.
I'd hope to see you there,
too, John.
- Hey!
-Hey.
Heard you needed a quick change
for the last act?
Thank you.
What should I say
when I get up there?
- How should I know?
- You're the writer.
- You're the talker.
- I'm the talker?
Yeah, you talk the peel
off a grape.
That was funny.
Rose, I won't be offended
if you don't want to use
my last name.
It's not your last name,
Lipowitz.
Whoa!
Check it out! Full house, right?
What did you tell them?
Well, I kind of
had to lie a little bit,
but the vibes are really good.
Can we start to let them in?
- Uh... Almost.
- All right.
Five minutes, guys.
10 minutes tops.
Let's keep these vibes going!
- Adequate?
- Adequate.
- Can you imagine being first up?
- Opening the show and all.
Millions of people
trying to decide...
How they want to spend
their Saturday night.
What's the first thing they see?
No logo, no intro.
Nope. Just a close up
of your pretty face.
- Nah.
- Nah. Who gives a fuck, right?
Yeah. It's just
a bunch of animals
watching their lava lamps.
You're gonna do great.
-Yeah.
- Fuck off.
-We're pullin' for you.
-Break a leg!
You the writer
Lorne found in a bar?
That's a slightly romantic read
of the story,
but, yeah, I guess so.
All right. Well, jump on in.
Water's warm.
Okay.
Okay. Quiet, please!
Work stops now.
We're holding for a sound check.
Who wants to do the sound check?
Garrett! Don't you know a song?
Hmm?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
♪ I'm ♪
♪ Gonna ♪
♪ Get me a shotgun
And kill all the Whities I see ♪
♪ I'm gonna get me a shotgun
♪ When I kill
All the Whities I see ♪
♪ Then Whitey
He won't bother me ♪
♪ Gonna get me a shotgun
And kill all the Whities I see ♪
♪ I'm gonna get me a shotgun
♪ When I kill
All the Whities I see ♪
♪ Whitey, he won't bother me ♪
♪ Gonna get me a shotgun
And kill all the Whities I ♪
And kill all the Whities I see ♪
Bravo! Garrett!
- That was fantastic.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
That was perfect.
- You have an incredible voice.
-You're still not
- gonna give me no lines.
- It was beautiful.
Uh, gentlemen, how long
have you been standing there?
Long enough.
Lorne, we need
to let the audience in.
No, you don't.
Perhaps you kids aren't
quite ready for prime time.
What are you talking about?
Look around, Lorne.
You haven't locked a script.
Your actors are missing.
Your crew is...
in open rebellion.
They'd be laughing at you
in Burbank.
Burbank? Excuse me?
This is New York fucking City.
Who's she?
- She... It's...
- It's... I...
It's complicated.
We have a hell of a show.
We have two bands.
We have seven of the brightest
comedy minds alive.
You even know where they are?
Most of them. Yes.
Maybe we'll just try again
next Saturday.
No. No, no, no. Don't do that.
Come on. No.
Everybody in this room
has been killing themselves...
- to make something special.
- I know.
To make something innovative
and actually good...
- for a change.
-"For a change"?
Don't tell me that you've been
doing this so long...
that you can't even recognize
the potential for greatness...
when it's right
in front of your face.
Do you even know
what this show is? Tell me.
It's an all-nighter in the city.
It's catching Richard Pryor
at a drop-in...
or finding Paul Simon strumming
in the back of a dive bar.
It's meeting a girl
outside of a bodega...
and getting lucky
in a phone booth.
It's everything you think
is going to happen
when you move to the city.
That's our show.
That's Saturday Night.
Show me.
Show you what?
Show me Saturday Night.
We go live
in less than 10 minutes.
10 minutes!
No, you don't!
Show me.
♪ Mr. Trouble
Never hangs around ♪
♪ When he hears
This Mighty sound ♪
♪ Here I come to save the day ♪
♪ That means that Mighty Mouse
Is on the way ♪
♪ So, though we are
In danger, we never despair ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
That where there's danger ♪
- ♪ He is there ♪
♪ On the land ♪
♪ On the sea, in the air ♪
♪ We're not worrying at all ♪
♪ We're just listening
For his call ♪
♪ Here I come to save the day ♪
♪ That means that Mighty Mouse
Is on the way ♪
Andy, you're a genius.
Now save your voice.
Pull up Weekend Update.
We're movin'
to Weekend Update, let's go!
- Hey.
- You take it.
- What do you mean?
- The show needs a face.
Are you sure?
You were born for this.
Trust me.
Should I make up a name
for the news anchor?
Use Chevy Chase.
No one will believe it.
Hey, remember this. When you...
look into the lens...
you're making eye contact
with America.
And now...
Weekend Update with Chevy Chase!
Hey, doll.
What are you wearing?
Is that why I hear purring?
What do you got for me?
It's my favorite.
Okay, great.
Good...
Good evening. I'm Chevy Chase.
The Post Office
announced today...
that it's going to issue a stamp
commemorating prostitution...
in the United States.
It's a 10-cent stamp...
but if you want to lick it,
it's a quarter.
All right, everyone.
Eight minutes till showtime!
Open the doors!
Oh, thank God.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Billy Preston.
Right this way, folks.
You're in for a real treat.
Yeah!
♪ Nothin' from nothin'
leaves nothin' ♪
♪ You gotta have somethin' ♪
Lorne, remember Carl?
Carl? Ooh, Carl! Have you ever
used one of these before?
Not-a once.
You'll pick it up in no time.
♪ You gotta have somethin' ♪
♪ If you wanna be with me ♪
Come on, guys. Grab a brick!
♪ I'm not tryin'
To be your hero ♪
♪ 'Cause that zero
Is too cold for me, ha ♪
♪ I'm not tryin'
To be your highness ♪
Heard you needed pages.
Oh, thanks, Mike.
Oh, no.
Dick, question.
What is a "golden shower"?
- Oh. Uh... It's a yoga ritual...
- Mmm...
...in which practitioners...
greet the new day by allowing
the golden rays of sun to...
- Shower.
- Over their skin
- and warm their chakras.
- Mmm.
- It's a California thing.
I've had at least
50 golden showers.
You heard him, Joan.
Sign the damn script.
We're going to air.
♪ Nothin' from nothin'
Leaves nothin' ♪
♪ You gotta have somethin'
If you wanna be with me ♪
♪ Don't you remember I told ya ♪
♪ That I'm a soldier
On the war on poverty ♪
Smith and Wesson
K-Frame Model 19 Combat Magnum.
- Wallie, you son of a bitch!
- Hey, you asked.
Wallie, my man.
You got something for me?
Yes, you do.
George, I wanted to apologize
for how you were treated...
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Are you having a stroke?
You need more coke?
Danny!
Hurry up. Come on, faster.
Watch your fingers.
Oh, boy. Lockjaw!
It's too much cocaine,
it's seizing up
the old mandibulars.
Let's get some finger love
in there, huh?
Yep. Just a little bit of this,
you'll be fine.
- Okay, great.
- There we go.
Hey!
Here we go!
♪ Nothin' from nothin' ♪
♪ Nothin' from nothin
Hey, now ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Ah, yeah, yeah ♪
Can you get in that wig
in 30 seconds?
-You got it, boss.
- Has Henson got his pages?
He loves them.
- And will that crane get there?
- It'll happen.
- Did you trim the fat on that?
- Already on cue cards.
Laraine, I don't think
you can make the change in...
Whoa.
I stand corrected.
Is that our show?
- That's our show.
-Three minutes!
Yeah.
Last one.
- Last one. Get it in. Finally!
- Yes! Come on!
Ladies and gentlemen,
Billy Preston!
Photo! Photo! I want a photo!
Come on, family photo!
No, no, no. We're at
two minutes. There's no time!
No, come on.
It'll never be the same
- after this. Come on.
-Fuck!
I'm not leaving until I get
my photo. Come on.
I guess everybody go ahead then.
Do we have a camera?
- I have a camera.
-Just quickly.
Great. Yes! Come here.
All right. 60 seconds.
Come on, everyone.
- Let's go, please.
-After you, after you.
One minute.
Let's go to work.
What are we using him for again?
-I don't really remember.
-Sorry.
Thanks.
- Mmm, mmm, mmm.
- Rocky, wake up.
Hey, hey, name.
Rosie, we need your last name
for the credits.
- Shuster.
30 seconds!
Hey, can we get
a mic check, please?
One, two...
three.
Somebody's got the yips.
-20 seconds.
-Is Carlin in costume?
Yep, they settled
on a T-shirt and jacket.
Mr. Carlin, may we get
a mic check?
One, two, fuck you.
Subtle.
Carson's still cued
for dead roll?
Are we going live
or going to tape?
Pre-roll on VTR-14.
10 seconds.
Ready camera two.
Ready on the fade.
Five, four...
Are we going live
or going to tape?
...three, two...
Go live.
- Okay, go live.
- Go live. Live, live. Go live.
Fade up.
And we are live.
Ready camera one.
Take camera one.
Cue Belushi.
Cue John.
- Where's John?
-Where the hell is he?
Cue John.
Good evening.
Hey, get closer.
Let us begin.
Repeat after me.
-"I would like...
- I would like...
"...to feed your fingertips...
...to feed
your fingertips...
"...to the wolverines."
...to the wolverines.
-Next, "I am afraid...
- I am afraid...
"...we are out...
...we are out...
-"...of badgers."
- ...of badgers.
"Would you accept...
Would you accept...
-"...a wolverine...
- ...a wolverine...
-"...in its place?"
- ...in its place?
Next.
"'Hey!' Ned exclaimed."
"Hey!" Ned exclaimed.
"Let's boil...
Let's boil...
-"...the wolverines."
- ...the wolverines.
Next...
Live from New York.
It's Saturday Night!
Ah!
All right, we're going
to do it again.
Now we got it. Now we got it.
Go back. Go back.